Add page on CrUX dashboard to CrUX docs (#4253)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/crux/dashboard/index.md

---
# Required
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'

# Required
title: CrUX Dashboard

# Required
# This appears in the ToC of the project landing page at
# /docs/[project-name]/. It also appears in the <meta description> used in
# Google Search.
description: >
  Using the CrUX Dashboard for visualizing BigQuery CrUX data

# Optional
# This appears below the title and is an optional teaser
subhead: >
  Using the CrUX Dashboard for visualizing BigQuery CrUX data

# Required
date: 2022-11-10

# Optional
# Include an updated date when you update your post
#updated: 2022-11-09

# Optional
# How to add a new author
# https://developer.chrome.com/docs/handbook/how-to/add-an-author/
# authors:

# Optional
# How to a new tag
# https://developer.chrome.com/docs/handbook/how-to/add-a-tag/
tags:
  - web-vitals
  - crux
---

> The CrUX Dashboard is a [Looker Studio](https://cloud.google.com/looker-studio) (formerly Data Studio) dashboard that links to the raw origin-level CrUX data on [BigQuery](/docs/crux/bigquery/) and the visualizes the data for you. It eliminates the need for users of the dashboard to write any queries or generate any charts. Everything is built for you; all you need is to provide an origin and the dashboard will be generated for you.

Author: Think we need the "(formerly Data Studio)"? Think people will know it as DataStudio for some time but maybe should go all in on Looker rather than living in the past...

Reviewer: It's a new change so I like the "formerly Data Studio" part.

> ## Accessing the CrUX dashboard

Reviewer: Standardize on "CrUX Dashboard" (capital D) throughout

To use the existing CrUX dashboard you need to [lauch the dashboard, passing the origin as a query param](https://datastudio.google.com/u/0/reporting/bbc5698d-57bb-4969-9e07-68810b9fa348/page/keDQB?params=%7B%22origin%22:%22wwww.example.com%22%7D). To make this easier–since the origin nees to be URL encoded—you can use [Rick Viscomi](https://twitter.com/rick_viscomi)'s [CrUX Dash Launcher](https://rviscomi.github.io/crux-dash-launcher/) which takes the URL as an input and constructs the dashboard URL.

The dashboard URL can then be shared and bookmarked for easy reference.

A better way, for those frequently visiting different domains, is to set up a custom Search Engine in Chrome. To do this go into Chrome Settings using the three dots menu in the top right of Chrome. Once in Settings choose the "Search engine" option.

> {% Img src="image/W3z1f5ZkBJSgL1V1IfloTIctbIF3/QFmABBH8qJJuyA25QXqc.png", alt="ALT_TEXT_HERE", width="800", height="243" %}

Reviewer: Alt text throughout

Author: Ooops! Fixed now.

From here expand the "Manage search engines and site search", scroll down to "Site Search" click the "Add" button and enter the following details:

- Search engine: `CrUX`
- Shortcut: `crux`
- URL with %s in place of query: `https://datastudio.google.com/c/u/0/reporting/bbc5698d-57bb-4969-9e07-68810b9fa348/page/keDQB?params=%7B%22origin%22:%22%s%22%7D`

{% Img src="image/W3z1f5ZkBJSgL1V1IfloTIctbIF3/uMyipuu95G78aQ7hdn9u.png", alt="ALT_TEXT_HERE", width="600", height="422" %}

> After this, when you type `crux` and press `tab` in the search bar you will now be able to enter a URL, and the CrUX dash board for this will load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, when you type `crux` and press `tab` in the search bar you will now be able to enter an origin, and Chrome will navigate to the preconfigured CrUX Dashboard.
```
